First and foremost I'd like to say, "Justice has never advanced by taking a life" by Coretta Scott King. Lastly, to my wife and to my kids, I love y'all forever and always. That's it. Yes, I made peace with God. I hope y'all make peace with this.Joanna I really love and care about her, I appreciate  her.  There is a drawing that I forgot to tell you about, send it to  Stacy.  Art, I appreciate you.  Joanna, tell my family I love them  all.  Trix I love you too.  Teresa I am really sorry, please don’t have hate in your  heart.  I really feel like this.  I hope you can find peace in your  heart and happiness.  A revenge death won’t get you anything.   Joanna, I love you.  Let’s ride.Nesha, I love you. I hope this brings you some closure. Titus, if his kids are out there, I'm sorry for your dad. Shan, Charlotte, Baisey, I love you. T.T., I love you. Stay strong.Michelle, Tammy, Damen, I'm going home. Lawrence, I love you. I am going home to be with the Lord. Find it in your hearts to forgive me. I'm sorry, stay strong. Jesus, take me home.
Yes, sir. First I would like to thank God for letting me see my family. I say this with love, I'm sorry. I say this for my family with love and with God, I love you. I'm happy, and I would like to say on behalf of my family, I love y'all. I am happy. I look into my family's eyes, and I see sadness. Don't be sad, I'm happy. I am sorry for what I have done. Be mindful that I am happy till the end. To the family of my boss, I love you. Young people, listen to your parents; always do what they tell you to do, go to school, learn from your mistakes. Be careful before you sign anything with your name. Never, despite what other people say. God is with y'all. God is the only witness that knows what happened that night. I, Ramiro Hernandez, say this with lots of love to young people, listen to your parents please. Live your life to the fullest, you only live your life once. To the prison system, I would like to thank y'all. Thanks to the officers and to the warden that are going to witness this. I say this with a lot of love and happiness. I have no pain and no guilt. All I have is love. Love will win. Thank you God, I am going with you. 
This offender declined to make a last statement.  
I love you. To Gerald: you're a zero. I love you Mandy, Tiffany. I love you, too.  I don't know if you remember back in 2000, you were happy the way it happened. You were looking for me yourself and would have taken care of me yourself. I am glad it happened this way. I wouldn't want to see you in my shoes. You would have probably been here, not me. I wouldn't wish this on you. I hope this can bring some relief to you and your family. I have no hate for you.(In Spanish): Grandmother, Lilia, and Robert; have hope for me. I am with God. Thanks for being with me and all of your love. Mom, take care of my daughter. Many kisses, Mom.Robert don't forget what I told you, I hope that this serves as an example for the youngsters. Think about it before you make a bad decision. Let's go, Warden. I'm ready.  Yes, I would like to tell my wife that I love her and thank her for all the years of happiness. That will be all, Warden.   I just wanted to say thanks to all who have supported me over the years: Reverend Campbell, for my spiritual guidance; Aaron, the father of Darrian, my son; and Maurie, my attorney. Thank you everybody. This is not a loss, this is a win. You know where I am going. I am going home to be with Jesus. Keep the faith. I love ya'll. Thank you, Chaplain.  Yes, Warden. Mom, Celeste: Please know I'm innocent and I love you both. Please continue to fight for my innocence even though I'm gone. John, Cort, Allen, Barbara, Louis, and Anna: Thank you for helping me and trying to save my life. I love you. Give everybody my love. Jason, thank you for your friendship. Thank Laura, too. I love all of you. Bye. Ok, Warden.This offender declined to make a last statement.  
To all of ya'll over here: Mr. Bivins, Allen, Joey, all of ya'll back there, I am truly sorry. I never meant to cause ya'll so much pain. Not one day has passed that I wish I could take it back. After today, I hope you can go on. I hope this brings you closure. God knows I didn't want to do what I did. I loved your daughter. I hope to God, He lets me see her in Heaven so I can apologize to her. I'm sorry. I'm glad ya'll came. Joey, I am really sorry, Joe.Marjo, you have been there for me for six and a half years. I appreciate that. Take good care of her. I love both of ya'll.I want to say goodbye to all of ya'll. Goodbye. Please tell my daughter I love her. I'll see ya'll. I'm sorry, Joey, I'm sorry.   To the victim's family, I am sure I know that I took somebody special from ya'll. I know it wasn't right, it was wrong. I wish I could give it back, but I know I can't. If giving my life in return makes it right, so be it. I ask that ya'll forgive me. I know God forgave me. I know He has forgiven me for what I did. I don't believe that taking my life will solve anything. I believe that if I was locked up for the rest of my life, that would be more of a punishment. To do this is setting me free. God bless ya'll. I wish there was something I could do.Bernard, thank you. Bill, thanks for being there for me and showing me to the Lord. I give glory to God, I believe I am going home. I love my family. I love everybody. I have love in my heart for ya'll and for my family, we're all victims behind what I did. I wish there was some other way to show I'm sorry. I have a prayer that me and my wife have come up with that I'd like to say. God, hear our prayer. We want to give thanks for this day. I can't do that prayer, that prayer is not right for ya'lls family or my family. Please forgive me. I love ya'll. OK Warden, I am ready. I'm going home. I love ya'll. I'm feeling it.   I'm an innocent man. I did not kill anyone. Ya'll are killing an innocent man. My left arm is killing me. It hurts bad.  I want to tell ya'll, know that I love you. Billy, I love you, English, Hart and Eloise. Dwight, take care of Dwight. I'm going home, I'm going home. I'll be alright, don't worry.  I love ya'll. God bless and the Texas Rangers, Texas Rangers. 
Bohannon, Peg and Kim, I love ya'll. Son, get your life right with Christ, also your mother. Give mom a hug for me and tell her that I love her. Ya'll do understand that I came here a sinner and leaving a saint. Take me home Jesus, take me home Lord, take me home Lord. I ain't left yet, must be a miracle. I am a miracle. I see you, Rich. Don't cry son, don't cry baby. I love ya'll. I'm ready. 
Yes, I would like to tell my family that I love ya'll and I wish ya'll well. I'm ready. 
First, I want to let my mom know not to cry, there is no reason to cry, everybody dies. Everybody has their time, don't worry about me. I'm strong. To my family: my old man, my kids, daddy is sorry. I love each and every one of you. I'll be looking for you. To my wife, I love you. The last two years have been the best. All my kids, mom, nieces, and nephews, I am proud of all of ya'll. I love each and every one of ya'll. I really love ya'll.To the victims, I'm very sorry for everything that happened. I am not the malicious person that you think I am. I was real stupid back then. I made a great many mistakes. What happened was wrong. I was a kid in a grown man's world. I messed up, and I can't take it back. I wasn't old enough to understand. Please don't carry around that hurt in your heart. You have got to find a way to get rid of the hate. Trust me, killing me is not going to give you closure. I hope you find closure. Don't let that hate eat you up, find a way to get past it.Linda, I love you, I appreciate you. I hate the way things turned out. Ms. Sheri, thank you. To the victims again, I hate the way all of this happened to ya'll. I don't think any good will come of this. I am going to see ya'll again. I love ya'll, be strong for me. Keep your heads up. I came into the world strong. I'll leave the world strong. Warden, go ahead. I am sorry for the victim's family. Murder isn't right, killing of any kind isn't right. Got to find another way.All I want to say is I'm innocent, I didn't kill my wife. Jack Leary shot my wife then her dope dealer Guy Fernandez. Don't hold it against me, Bill. I swear to God I didn't kill her. Go ahead and finish it off. You can taste it. To the family of Alyssa Vazquez, I hope you will find peace in your heart. My sympathy goes out to you. I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me. I don't know why all of this happened.I would like to say to my friends, Jung and Arthur, thank you for being there for me through all of these years. Say goodbye to my family. Pray for me, for my soul, rest in peace.I don't know why all of this happened. I don't know. Jesus, take me home, take me away from this place. Goodbye my friends. Jung and Arthur, tell my family I love them. I love everybody. Tell Emmanuel and Joseph I love them. You're not about to witness an execution, you are about to witness a murder. I am strapped down for something Marcus Rhodes did. I never killed anybody, ever. I love you, Mom. I love you, Tali. This is wrong. This whole thing is wrong. I can't believe you are going to let Marcus Rhodes walk around free. Justice has let me down. Somebody completely screwed this up. I love you too, Mom. Well Warden, if you are going to murder someone, go ahead and do it. Pull the trigger. It's coming. I can feel it coming. Goodbye.I love you Israel. Even though I lay on this gurney, seconds away from my death, I am at total peace. May the Lord Jesus Christ be with me. I am at peace. Hate is going on in this world and it has to stop. Hate causes a lifetime of pain. Even though I lay here I am still at peace. I am still a proud American, Texas loud, Texas proud. God bless America, God bless everyone. Let's do this damn thing. Director Hazelwood, thank you very much. Thank you everyone. Spark, I love you, all of you. I love you Conna. It's all good, it's been a great honor. I feel it; I am going to sleep now. Goodnight, 1, 2 there it goes.I am sorry for everything that I have done. I've hurt a lot of people. For years I have never thought that I deserved any type of forgiveness. Lord Jesus Christ in my life, I know He has forgiven me, I have accepted His forgiveness. I have accepted everything. Let this be final and be done. I take the full blame for this. I am sorry and forgive me. I am truly sorry. I ask for forgiveness. Life goes on and it surely does. I am sorry for the victim's family for what I had did. May they forgive me. I don't know if you believe me, life goes on. I am sure it does. To the man to the right of me, I ask for forgiveness for you. Life goes on, it surely does. I ask for forgiveness. I am truly sorry. That is all. Let's get this show on the road. One more thing, Viva Mexico, Viva Mexico.This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yeah, I want to tell my family I love ya'll. Tell Kate I love her too. Tell brother, my kids I live ya'll. I'm gonna miss ya'll. I'm ready, ready.  Yes, I have to say that I am sorry for all the pain that I have caused you and your family. I only have love in my heart. I hope that you can all forgive me. I pray that you can all forgive me. Thank you for standing by me and being there for me. I am ready to go home. My baby I will always be with you. I really am sorry.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes, I do.  I thank the Lord for giving me my friends, for getting me the ones I love.  Lord reach down and help innocent men on death row.  Lee Taylor needs help, Bobby Hines, Steve Woods.  Not all of us are innocent, but those are.  Cleve Foster needs help.  Melyssa, I love you girl.  I know I wasn't going to say anything, but I've got to.  Jack, Irene, Danny, Doreen, I love you guys.  I said I was going to tell a joke.  Death has set me free.  That's the biggest joke, I deserve this.  And the other joke is I am not Patrick Bryan Knight, and ya'll can't stop this execution now.  Go ahead, I'm finished.  Come on, tell me Lord.  I love you Melyssa, take care of that little monster for me.   To my family, first and foremost - I love you all. The calmness that I was telling you about, I still have it. You are Mario's Uncle, correct? I just wanted you to know that I wronged your family. I received nothing, I was not paid. I took his life for the love of a friend. I love you all. I just want you to know that. I know he does, I feel it. I'm alright. Make sure momma knows, alright. Jermaine, I love you too man. Alright Warden.   May I speak to my family?  Honey, I love you.  Be strong and take care of yourselves.  Thanks for being there.  Take care of yourself.  Ms. Irene, thank you for everything you have done.  Chaplain Hart, thank you for helping me.  Gary, thank you.  Maria, Maria, I love you baby.  Thank you for being there for me and all these people here will find the one who did this damn crime.  I am going home to be with God.  Thank you.  Thank you, Warden.  Yes sir, I do.  To the victim's family.  I hope it helps a little.  I do not know how, but I hope it helps.  I love you all, all of you.  You know I love you.  Thank you for bringing my children back to my life.  Thank you.  I love you all.  I love you all very much.  Thank you very much.  (Statement amended 01/09/06)  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes.  Man, there is a lot of people there.  There was a lot of people that got me to this point, and I can't thank them all.  But thank you for your love and support; they have allowed me to do a lot more than I could have on my own.  Sheila, I wish I would have met you seven years ago; it would have been a lot easier.  But I have overcame a lot.  I am not angry, but I am disappointed that I was denied justice.  But I am happy that I was afforded you all as family and friends.  You all have been there for me; it's a miracle.  I love you.  And I have to tell Jessica I am sorry.  I never knew it would come to this.  Lorna, you know you have to keep my struggle going.  I know you just lost your baby; but you have to keep running.  Andy, I love you man.  Tell Andre and them that I didn't get a chance to reach my full potential, but you can help them reach theirs.  You needed me, but I just did not know how to be there for them.  There is so much I have to say, but I just can't say it all.  I love you all.  Please just keep the struggle going.  If you turn your back on me, you turn your back on them.  I love you all and I'll miss you all.  Thanks for allowing me to touch so many hearts.  I never knew I could do it, but you made it possible.  I am just sorry.  And I am not as strong as I thought I was going to be.  But I guess it only hurts for a little while.  You all are my family.  Please keep my memory alive.   Yes. Connie, Nanny, Bea, Kathy and Richard - I love you all and I thank you all very much for supporting me with your love. In the name of Jesus, I am sorry for the pain I caused you all. I am sorry. Gilbert didn't deserve to die and I want you all to know I am sorry. I pray that the good Lord will give you all peace. Okay. This offender declined to make a last statement.   Can you hear me, Chris?  The Lord is my Shepherd; I shall not want.  He makes me to lie down in green pastures; He leads me beside the still waters.  He restores my soul;  He leads me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake.  Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for Thou art with me;  Thy rod and Thy staff comfort me.  Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies;  Thou anointest my head with oil;  My cup runneth over.  Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life;  And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. I want to thank you for being there with me all these years and supporting me and keeping me in the Word.  Michael, you take care of her and thank you Father Don and Chris.  And I want to thank the media for being nice to me all this time.  Bye, Chris.  I will see you.  Take care of yourselves and you all stay strong.  You keep doing your ministry.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   I would just...(speaking in French).  I love all of you.  I love you Lundy, Levi, my dad.  I have no grudges against anyone, or any of the things that have gone wrong.  I would like to say to the world, I have always been a nice person.  I have never been mean-hearted or cruel.  I wish everybody well.  I would like to say a final prayer: Dear Heavenly Father, I come to you today, Lord, and thank You for this opportunity to be with You in paradise.  I ask You for forgiveness for the ones that need to be forgiven.  Dear Lord, deliver us from evil and give us the comfort and peace and joy that we need.  Dear Lord, I ask You right now to be with each of the witnesses and lift them up and be on solid ground.  Let them know what has gone on and may we all see each other again.  Amen. I would like to thank each witness:  Ms. Cox, Whiteside, Reed, Scott, and Chad.  I am going to go and see Jesus tonight and reserve a special place for each one of you.  You all have been there when no one else was.  Thank you for all of your love and support.  Just know that I am ready to go.  You all know what I've gone through.  I am going to a better place with the Lord.  I'm mad for one reason, that I'm leaving you behind, when I am going to a better place.  Y'all still have to go through this hell on earth.  Just remember the good things and not the bad.  You are all loved and respected. Warden, just give me parole and let me go home to be with the Lord.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   I would like to say to the family, I regret the pain I've put you through and I hope you can get over it someday.  Mom and Dad, I love you.  Take care.  I'm ready.  The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me lie down in green pastures; He leadeth me beside the still waters, He restoreth my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil; for Thou art with me. Thy rod and Thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me, in the presence of mine enemies. He anointeth my head with oil; my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the House of the Lord forever. Amen. Amen.This offender declined to make a last statement.   Well, I don't have anything to say.  I am just sorry about what I did to Mr. Peters.  That's all.   Yes sir, Thank you.  I love y'all and I want y'all to know that.  Y'all always told me not to worry about myself.  I worry more about you all because I know where I am going.  I want to see you there, so get your heart right.  You know I love you and care for you.  I am going to go with my little boy and play with him.  Y'all take care and I love y'all.  I love y'all.  Chaplain Wilcox, Roger, Robin, Sarah, Grandma.  I love you.  Y'all be careful.  Lord Jesus, I see your Spirit, it's o.k.  I love you. This offender declined to make a last statement.   I want to thank my attorneys, Father Walsh...Sylvia, te quiero mucho y a Consulado, te quiero decir muchas gracias por todo. I want to say I am sorry and I say a prayer today for you so you can have peace and I hope that you can forgive me. God is waiting and God is waiting now.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Hey, how y'all doing out there? I done lost my voice. Y'all be strong now, alright? Don, thanks man. I love you, Gloria, always baby. That's all I got to say. Hey, don't y'all worry about me, okay?  This offender declined to make a last statement.   I would like to give thanks to God Almighty, by whose grace I am saved through His son, Jesus Christ, without whom I would be nothing today. Because of this mercy and grace, I have come a long way, and I would like to thank God and others who have been instrumental. I would like to say to the Lang family how truly sorry I am in my soul and in my heart of hearts for the pain and misery that I have caused from my actions. I am truly sorry. And to my family I would also like to extend to them the same apology for the pain and misery that I have put them through, and I love them dearly from the bottom of my heart, and one day I would like to see them on the other side. Some I will; some I won’t. I would like to thank all of the men on Death Row who have showed me love throughout the years, but especially the last two or three weeks, and I hold nothing against no man. I am so thankful that I have lived as long as I have. I hope that I have helped someone. I hope that [by] donating my body to science that some parts of it can be used to help someone, and I just thank the Lord for all that he has done for me. That is all I have to say, Warden.  Oh, I would like to say in closing, "What about those cowboys?"   Yes, I would like to give love to my mother, sisters and brothers and let them know that I am thinking of them right now and I want to thank God for giving me such a loving family. To the victim’s family: I hope you will find it in your heart to forgive me as I have forgiven you. I’m ready, Warden.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I really don’t have much to say. All I want to say is that when the state introduced my sister and my niece as state witnesses, it’s not that they testified against me. The thing is, my lawyers would not subpoena anyone, so they allowed the state to subpoena them to paint a picture to the jury that my own sister and niece was testifying against me.Linda is innocent of this. I am innocent of this. Now all you all are seeing in the process a perfect example of ol’ freaky deaky Bill Clinton when he signed that anti-terrorism law to shorten the appeals. This is a conspiracy. They used false testimony of a woman that said I had raped her, when the test showed that the foreign pubic hair that was found on her body belonged to no one in that room. They found a drop of sposmosa in the crotch of her pants that was tied to blood type B. My blood type is A. Now the same woman there they brought to testify against this murder case. That woman was under indictment for possession of methamphetamine, delivery of methamphetamine. She could have gotten out of both of those cases. Yet, she swore under oath that she had never been in trouble with the law and none of that mattered. So what does that make this great state? A very high-priced prostitute that sells itself, called justice, to the highest bidder.I am being charged under article 19.83 of the Texas Penal Code of murder with the promise of remuneration. That means they got to have three people, the one that paid, the one that killed, and the deceased. And the alleged remunerator is out on the streets, so how come I’m being executed today, without a remunerator? This is a great American justice. So if you don’t think they won’t, believe me they will. Ain’t no telling who gonna be next. That’s all I have to say. Especially for the people of the deceased, Sims is innocent and so am I. So the murder is still not there. Today you are a witness, the state (cough). Bye.First off, to the Rosenbaum family, to Cindy, to Scott, to everyone, I just want to say I have nothing but love for you. And I mean that from the deepest part.I can only tell you that Clark did not die in vain. I don’t mean to offend you by saying that, but what I mean by that is, through his death, he led this man to God.I have nothing but love for you.To my family, my soul beloved, you’re so beautiful, for all your love and support is just miraculous, everything that ya’ll have done.Be sure and tell T.D. he’s in my heart. I send my love to Jay, to everyone. To Roger Burdge.I have nothing but love for all of you. Like they say in the song, I guess, I just want to go out like Elijah, on fire with the spirit of God. I love you. I’m done.As the ocean always returns to itself, love always returns to itself. So does consciousness, always returns to itself. And I do so with love on my lips. May God bless all mankind.I just want to tell Catharina I love you. Take care of yourself. That’s all I have to say.I guess the first thing I want to do is thank some very special people, Sara and Sabrina. And for affording me the opportunity that ya’ll did. It made a real big difference in my life. I thank you. Thank you again from the deepest part of my heart. I’m sorry. The biggest thing I wanted to say was to you and family and I know I haven’t had a chance to talk with ya’ll in any form or fashion or way or manner. And I regret what happened and I want you to know that I’m sorry. I just ask and hope that sometime down the line that you can forgive me. I think in a lot of ways that without that it becomes very empty and hollow and the only thing we have is hatred and anger. I guess the only thing I have to say about the Death Penalty is that a lot of times people think of it as one sided, but it’s not. It’s two sided. There pain on both sides and it’s not an issue that people just sit there and voice off and say, well, this is a good thing, or this is a bad thing. But it’s something that’s, you know, needs to be looked at and desired in each heart. I just hope that all of you can understand that and someday forgive me. I want to thank ya’ll for affording me the opportunity to talk and meet with ya’ll. It meant so much. Thank you so much for being with me and my family. Thank you. I love you.1 Corinthians 12:31B – 13:13 (NIV)And now I will show you the most excellent way.If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames, but have not love, I gain nothing.Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away. For we know in part and we prophesy in part, but when perfection comes, the imperfect disappears.When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child. When I became a man, I put childish ways behind me. Now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror; then we shall see face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I am fully known.And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.Keep it brief here. Just want to say, uh, family, take care of yourselves. Uh, look at this as a learning experience. Everything happens for a reason. We all know what really happened, but there are some things you just can’t fight. Little people always seem to get squashed. It happens. Even so, just got to take the good with the bad. There is no man that is free from all evil, nor any man that is so evil to be worth nothing. But it’s all part of life, and my family, take care of yourselves. Tell my wife I love her. I’ll keep an eye on everybody, especially my nieces and nephews. I’m pretty good. I love ya’ll. Take care. I’m ready.I have come here today to die, not make speeches. Today is a good day for dying.Est Sularus Oth Mithas (My Honor Is My Life).This offender declined to make a last statement.  I know you can’t hear me now but I know that it won’t matter what I have to say.I want you to know that I did not kill your sister. If you want to know the truth, and you deserve to know the truth, hire your own investigators.That’s all I have to say.I owe no apologies for a crime I did not commit. Those who lied and fabricated evidence against me will have to answer for what they have done. I know in my heart what I did and I call upon the spirit of my ancestors and all of my people and I swear to them and now I am coming home.  I am sorry for what I did to your mom. It isn’t because I’m going to die. All my life I have been locked up. I could never forgive what I done. I am sorry for all of you. I love you all. Thank you for supporting me. I thank you for being kind to me when I was small. Thank you, God.All rightMindy, I’m with you, honey. I do not know why, Mindy, you are doing this, but I will still forgive you. You know he is a murderer. Why don’t you support me? He will do it again. Mindy, you are lucky you are still alive.Give my love to my family. I love them. Mindy, you can stop this.O.K., I’m ready.  A lot of people view what is happening here as evil, but I want you to know that I found love and compassion here. The people who work here, I thank them for the kindness they have shown me and I deeply appreciate all that has been done for me by the people who work here. That’s all, Warden, I’m ready.  You all brought me here to be executed, not to make a speech. That’s it.  Ms. Craft and Ms. Bethrie, I don’t know what to say to you   but I apologize for the pain I have caused you and your family over the years. I   hope that you will accept my apology and that you will know that it is sincere.   I hope this will allow you and your family to move on and I hope you will   forgive me and I hope Mr. Hanon [illegible] will forgive me for taking   his life. Please accept my apology. I love you all.I am finished.I would like to apologize to the victim’s family for all of the pain I have caused them. I would like to tell my family I love them and I hope to see them again soon. Lord Jesus, thank you for giving me the strength and the time in my life to find Jesus Christ and to be forgiven for all of my sins. Thank you for the changes in my life you have given me, the love and closeness of my family, and my beautiful daughter. Thank you for using me -First, I would like to give praise to God for the love and grace that he has allowed for all of this to come together.I would like to thank and ask blessings for all of the men who are imprisoned and have shared in my struggle and have allowed me to help them.I would like to thank my family for their blessings and for sharing my struggle and having been there for me and endured this with me.I would like to thank the Chaplain and all the rest who have offered their prayers.I would like to say to the Magee family and the Cadena family that I was friends with David and Virginia and I did not commit this offense.I have tried to do something to compensate the families by writing a book. I would like for the proceeds to go to the Magee family and the Cadena family.There is someone who will be contacting them or they can get in touch with my attorney.I would like to thank you for standing by me and loving me and carry my best to my "sun," my butterfly.Goodbye, sun, I love you.I would like to apologize for all of the hurt, pain and disappointment I caused to my family and all my friends.  I hope all the veterans and teenagers out there who have a drug problem will get help.  I hope the lord will forgive me of all of my sins.  I thank Jack and Kathy for being with me.  I hope that those who support the Death Row inmates will continue to work and maybe we can get this resolved and do away with the Death Penalty.  I hope this is a lot better place where I am going.I want to let all of my people know and everybody who is here and supported me that I love them and wish them all the best.This offender declined to make a last statement.  First of all I want to thank the LORD, my family and my wife Nora for all the support and encouragement they’ve shown me through all this. I love you!! Now I want to thank all of you that came here today to be with me. I know most of you are here to see me suffer and die but you’re in for a big disappointment because today is a day of joy. Today is the day I’ll be set free from all this pain and suffering. Today I’m going home to HEAVEN to live for all eternity with my HEAVENLY FATHER JESUS CHRIST, and as I lay here taking my last breath, I’ll be praying for all of you because you’re here today with anger and hatred in your hearts letting Satan deceive you into believing that what you’re doing is right and just. GOD help you, because what you’re doing here today and what’s in your hearts here today makes you no better than any man or woman on death-rows across this country. Today you’re committing murder too!!! I pray on my own behalf for forgiveness for any and all of the pain I’ve caused you, I pray that some day you’ll realize your own mistakes and ask GOD to forgive you as I have, because there is no peace without GOD’s forgiveness. Amen.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  (Mumbled.) Tell Mama I love her.Not from me but I have a message to you from God. Save the children. Find one who needs help and make a small sacrifice of your own wealth and save the innocent ones. They are the key for making the world a better place.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I thank God that he died for my sins on the cross, and I thank Him for saving my soul, so I will know when my body lays back in the grave, my soul goes to be with the Lord. Praise God. I hope whoever hears my voice tonight will turn to the Lord. I give my spirit back to Him. Praise the Lord. Praise Jesus. Hallelujah.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I would like to tell my family I love them. My attorneys did their best. All of my brothers on death row, those who died and those who are still there, to hang in there. And that's all I have to say.This offender declined to make a last statement.  Thank you for being my Lord Jesus and Savior and I am ready to come home. Amen.  …guys like them got tied up in something like this. Thank Chaplain Taylor and Jane. I just got your letter. Thanks to Carolyn and Gloria, who have been my friends for over four years. I want to remember Patsy Buntion, Gladys and a lot more friends. I want to thank the prosecutor in my case; it took courage for him to do what he did but he did what he did because he believed in the judicial system.I’m not ready to go, but I have no choice; I sent several letters to my family; they’ll be very moving when you get them. I want to say goodbye again to my boys. I know I’m missing somebody, but if there’s anything I have left to say, it would be that I wish I had a Shakespearean vocabulary, but since I was raised in TDC, I missed out on some of my vocabulary.If my words can persuade you to discontinue this practice of executing people, please do so. If the citizens don’t do away with the death penalty, Texas won’t be a safe place to be. I have no revenge because hate won’t solve anything.(I gave Warden Hodges the phone at this time and he listened for 5-10 minutes. When he returned the phone to me, I could hear Kinnamon talking but evidently the phone was not close to the mike, because I could not understand him.)I told the daughter not to come. Discontinue; be quiet, please. Specifically, I want to say that the bad evil man I was when I came to death row 13 years ago is no more – by the power of God; Jesus Christ; God Almighty; Holy Spirit, he has transformed me as a new creature of Christ. I know that I am a Christ child and that my Lord will welcome me into His arms.Jesus Christ is the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings. I love all of you, those I can and can’t see. With the love of Christ, my love for you is secure and I love you purely and wholeheartedly in the name of the Almighty God.I just love everybody, and that’s it.I want to express my feelings regarding the mishap of the deceased Mrs. Iris Siff. That was a very unfortunate incident and only God knows why it was an unintentional situation that took place. I want to express my remorse to the family and the discomfort and pain I caused in their lives. Only God will determine if I am truly guilty or innocent of being the type of person I have been drawn up to be by the press and media. I have given my wife the power and energy to be a disciple of Islam. I rescued her from a wretched life in Ireland. I thank Allah for sending her to me. Certainly murder cannot be an instrument of Allah. My wife is very devoted.This execution is not justice. This execution is an act of revenge! If this is justice, then justice is blind. Take a borderline retarded young male who for the 1st time ever in his life committed a felony then contaminate his TRUE tell all confession add a judge who discriminates plus an ALL-WHITE JURY pile on an ineffective assistance of counsel and execute the option of rehabilitation persecute the witnesses and you have created a death sentence for a family lasting over 10 years.I will say once again…..This execution isn’t justice – but an act of revenge. Killing R.J. will not bring Anil back, it only justifies "an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth." It’s too late to help R.J., but maybe this poem will help someone else out there."Seeing Through the Eyes of a Death Row Inmate"Sometime I wonder why, why he? Why did he go out into the world to see? To be out there and see what really did exist, now his name is written down on the Death Row list. I can only imagine how lonesome he was all by himself. We both knew he had no future left! His hopes and dreams became a fantasy. He often said, "There’s nothing left of me." I have asked myself, why did he get involved with drugs? He could never explain why he hung around with thugs? Did it really make him feel like a king – Did he actually think he was capable of getting away with anything? He knew the thought of life wasn’t ticking in his head. There’s nothing left but the memory of those who lay dead. What was did, cannot be undone. He was confessed, he was one of the guilty ones. What would he say to the victim’s family? – I’m sorry and my head wasn’t on straight. I hope you will accept my apology, even though it’s too late. I never knew I would take a life and commit a crime. I regret it because now I have to face the lethal injection while doing death row time. I knew I would pay with struggle and strife, but I never thought the cost would be me losing my life.Richard J. WilkersonWritten through his sister Michelle WinnThis offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  When his attorney came into the witness room, he said, "Tell Mom I love her." The attorney said back to him, "I love you, too."I just want everyone to know that the prosecutor and Bill Scott are sorry sons of bitches. To his family he added that he loved them all.None. But as he lay there he did praise the Lord and seemed to be praying.This offender declined to make a last statement.  Let’s do it, man. Lock and load. Ain’t life a [expletive deleted] ?I don’t think so. That’s all. Go ahead. Start things rolling. (Mouthed "Hi, Mom" to his mother.)I would like to point out that I have written a statement and the Warden will give you a copy. I still proclaim I am innocent, and that’s all I have to say.I want to say I hold no grudges. I hate no one. I love my family. Tell everyone on death row to keep the faith and don’t give up.This offender declined to make a last statement.  Mother, I am sorry for all the pain I’ve caused you. Please forgive me. Take good care of yourself. Ernest and Otis, watch out for the family. Thank all of you who have helped me.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I have no last words. I am ready."Be strong for me," Pinkerton told his father, Gene Pinkerton, as witnesses entered the execution chamber. "I want you to know I’m at peace with myself and with my God," Pinkerton said. He recited a prayer to Allah, the supreme being of Islam. "I bear witness that there is no God but Allah. With your praise I ask for forgiveness and I return unto you," Pinkerton said. "I love you, Dad."I want to thank Father Walsh for his spiritual help. I want to thank Bob Ray (Sanders) and Steve Blow for their friendship. What I want people to know is that they call me a cold-blooded killer when I shot a man that shot me first. The only thing that convicted me was that I am a Mexican and that he was a police officer. People hollered for my life, and they are to have my life tonight. The people never hollered for the life of the policeman that killed a thirteen-year-old boy who was handcuffed in the back seat of a police car. The people never hollered for the life of a Houston police officer who beat up and drowned Jose Campo Torres and threw his body in the river. You call that equal justice. This is your equal justice. This is America’s equal justice. A Mexican’s life is worth nothing. When a policeman kills someone he gets a suspended sentence or probation. When a Mexican kills a police officer this is what you get. From there you call me a cold-blooded murderer. I didn’t tie anyone to a stretcher. I didn’t pump any poison into anybody’s veins from behind a locked door. You call this justice. I call this and your society a bunch of cold-blooded murderers. I don’t say this with any bitterness or anger. I just say this with truthfulness. I hope God forgives me for all my sins. I hope that God will be as merciful to society as he has been to me. I’m ready, Warden.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I pray that my family will rejoice and will forgive, thank you.What is about to transpire in a few moments is wrong! However, we as human beings do make mistakes and errors. This execution is one of those wrongs yet doesn’t mean our whole system of justice is wrong. Therefore, I would forgive all who have taken part in any way in my death. Also, to anyone I have offended in any way during my 39 years, I pray and ask your forgiveness, just as I forgive anyone who offended me in any way. And I pray and ask God’s forgiveness for all of us respectively as human beings. To my loved ones, I extend my undying love. To those close to me, know in your hearts I love you one and all. God bless you all and may God’s best blessings be always yours. Ronald C. O’Bryan P.S. During my time here, I have been treated well by all T.D.C. personnel. Statement to the Media: I, at this very moment, have absolutely no fear of what may happen to this body.  My fear is for Allah, God only, who has at this moment the only power to determine if I should live or die... As a devout Muslim, I am taught and believe that this material life is only for the express purpose of preparing oneself for the real life that is to come... Since becoming Muslim, I have tried to live as Allah wanted me to live.Spoken:Yes, I do. 
  I love you. 
  Asdadu an la ilah illa Allah, 
  Asdadu an la ilah illa Allah, 
  Asdadu anna Muhammadan Rasul Allah,
  Asdadu anna Muhammadan Rasul Allah. 
  I bear witness that there is no God but Allah. 
  I bear witness that Muhammad is the messenger of Allah. 
  Inna li-Allah wa-inna ilayhi rajiun. 
  Verily unto Allah do we belong, Verily unto him do we return.
  Be strong.  