This is my statement:  My final words.  First, I  want to thank my family for believing in me and being there with me till the  end.  I love you all very much!  And I know that you love me  too!  Life does go on.Next, I would  like to also thank my attorney’s Maurie Levin, Alicia Amezcua Rodriguez and  Sandra Babcock for all their hard work they have done to help me out. I am so  thankful.  I would also like to thank the Mexican Consul for all their  help too, and every government official that was trying to help me out  too.  
  Thank you  Maricela Luna and Julia Thimm for being such good friends!  
  Now!  I  will not and cannot apologize for someone else’s crime, but, I will be back for  justice!  You can count on that!
  Thank  you.                                                                                          “Yes sir, I would first like to say to the Sanchez family  how sorry I am.  Words cannot begin to express how sorry  I am and  the hurt that I have caused you and your family.  May this bring you peace  and forgiveness. I am sorry.To my family, thank you for all your love and support.   I am at peace.  Jesus Christ is Lord.  I love you all.  Thank  you Warden that is it.”I just want to tell my family thank you, my mom and  dad and sister and Sabrina. I love you Mercedes. I am sorry to David’s family.  This is only way that I can be forgiven. You got your justice right here.  That’s it. My trust in Jesus. “Yes, I would like to thank my family and friends for what  y’all have done for me.  Thank you for being here with me that I do not  have to transition alone.  I have peace.  To my daughter, I love you,  to my grandbabies, sisters and brothers, I love you.  I am ready to go  home.”To the victim’s family, I want you to know that I hope  you let go of all of the hate because of all my actions.  I came in as a  lion and I come as peaceful as a lamb.  I’m at peace.  I hope society  sees who else they are hurting with this.  To my loved ones, I hope both  victims find in their hearts to forgive me, and I have forgave everyone and I  love everyone, pray for my soul and I forgive myself.  I love y’all and  I’ll be waiting for y’all, my brother take care of my family.  Take care  of my girl, my mom, my sons and all of my loved ones.  Brother Wayne and  Brother Joe, thank y’all.  Jorge don’t give up on Luis, I’ll be  listening.  Thank you for everything.  Father I commend my soul,  please take care and watch everybody I leave behind.  I am ready  Warden.  Father please accept my soul.  I am sorry, I love y’all, I  am always going to be with you.  I love y’all, I love y’all. I love you  Father, I love you Father, I love you Savior.
I just want to tell my family  I love them; my son, I love him. The girls on the row, I love them and keep  their heads up. Tell Darlie I love her, hand in hand. God bless y'all. I'm  alright. Tell them I finished strong. I love y'all. I'm done. I love you,  Richie. I love you. Thank you, Brad and John, all of y'all. God is good. I love  you, Auntie. I'm done.
This offender declined to make a last statement.  
(Written statement) 
  I just want to make a statement to all my friends, family, and supporters. Thank you all for the love. To the Christian hip-hop community, all the positive brothers I've done time with. To all the people that took the time to write a letter. Thank you.
    To my family, we are one. To my beautiful daughter, the best thing that ever happened to me. I love you endlessly. I am you and you are me forever.
      Lastly to God himself....Thank you being a gracious friend to me.  I love you with all my heart, mind, strength, in Jesus name.(Spoken statement)
  I want to say to my family, please take care of each other, stay strong and faithful to God. I thank everyone for supporting me. Christine, I love you. To my daughter: baby, be strong, be positive, have a great life. You know what you meant to me, and I love you. Stay faithful to the Lord. Daughter, I love you, I love you, I love you. May the Lord God almighty in heaven, Jesus Christ see my spirit. Amen. 
I would like to tell the Canfield family I'm sorry; sorry for your loss. I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I hope this gives you closure. I did not murder your loved one, it was an accident. I didn't mean for it to happen. I take full responsibility.To my family, we've talked earlier and you know I'm at peace. God is the ultimate judge, he knows what happened. We talked earlier. I love all of y'all. I'm ready Warden. The best time in my life is during this period. If I had to do again, I would not change a thing. I have been touched by an angel's wings. If I had it to do again, I would change Dwyer's parents suffering, because I know they are. I know that is not going to eliminate the pain, because I have a child. God, I want to say something so bad. I appreciate the people that helped me out. I appreciate the people that helped me out, and uh, know that I love you, Angel and your family and all the people that helped me out. And if this takes the pain away, so be it. I love you. I'm ready to go.  I want to thank all of my family and friends for supporting me. I love you and I'm glad that ya'll are by my side through this whole thing. I know it's hard for ya'll. I love you Jennifer, mom, Jaime, Cory, David. Thank God for you being there for me. It's not easy, this is a release. Ya'll finally get to move on with your lives. Take care of my kids and stay strong, life has to go on. We've all lost grandpas, brothers, and sisters. Support and love each other. Don't fight with each other. I love you. I hereby declare, Robert Steven Everett and Nicholas Velasquez, guilty of crimes against me, Douglas Alan Feldman. Either by fact or by proxy, I find them both guilty. I hereby sentence both of them to death, which I carried out in August 1998. As of that time, the State of Texas has been holding me illegally in confinement and by force for 15 years. I hereby protest my pending execution and demand immediate relief. You clown police. You gonna stop with all that killing all these kids. You're gonna stop killing innocent kids, murdering young kids. When I kill one or pop one, ya'll want to kill me. God has a plan for everything. You hear? I love everyone that loves me. I ain't got no love for anyone that don't love me.To my loved ones and dear friends, I love ya'll and appreciate ya'll for being there. I am going to a better place. To all the guys back on the row, keep your heads up, keep up the fight. I am ready. Let's go.  Ms. Connie Hilton, I'm sorry for what happened to you. If I hadn't raped you, then you wouldn't have lived. If you look at the transcripts, I didn't kill Mr. Newman and I didn't rob your house. There are two people still alive. I was just there. When I saw you in the truck driving away, I could have killed you but I didn't. I'm not a killer. My momma was abused. I'm sorry for what you've gone through. It wasn't me that harmed and stole all of your stuff. If you look at the transcripts you will see. I ask the good Lord to forgive me.I love ya'll; Sheena, my sister, momma, and daddy. Ya'll pray for me, keep up the fight. Get the transcripts, let the truth come out so that I do not die in vain. I thank the Lord for the man I am today. I have done all I can to better myself, to learn to read and write. Take me to my King. I love ya'll and thank you for the love you gave me. I respect all of ya'll. Ms. Hilton. Ok. Let me rest. It's burning.  Can you hear me? Did I ever tell you, you have dad's eyes? I've noticed that in the last couple of days. I'm sorry for putting you through all this. Tell everyone I love them. It was good seeing the kids. I love them all; tell mom, everybody. I am very sorry for all of the pain. Tell Brenda I love her. To everybody back on the row, I know you're going through a lot over there. Keep fighting, don't give up everybody.Tell my son I love him very much. God bless everybody. Continue to walk with God. Go Cowboys! Love ya'll man. Don't forget the T-ball. Ms. Mary, thank you for everything that you've done. You too, Brad, thank you. I can feel it, taste it, not bad.Yes, sir. I just want to say to all my supporters, family and friends; I love y'all and appreciate y'all. To the ones representing me today, thank you for everything. The system has failed me. This is a miscarriage of justice. There are people on death row that need help. I love my family. I love you too, Mom. I am alright. I asked the Lord to have mercy on me and I hope He has mercy on these people carrying out this mass slaughter. They have no respect for humanity.  To Melanie, I never meant to hurt you. You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. I am not asking for your forgiveness. All I have to worry about is God forgiving me. I hope you get better and for the doctors to continue to take care of you. Take care of my mother for me. To everybody, know that I love you and I am OK. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on my soul. Lord, have mercy on these peoples' soul. Life is not supposed to end this way. No more pain and frustration. When I knock at the gates, they will open up and let me in. To my mom and everybody, I love you. I can feel it right now. My life, my life.This offender declined to make a last statement.  First of all I would like to give my sincere   apology to Amy's family. We caused a lot of heartache, grief, pain and   suffering, and I am sorry. I know it won't bring her back. I would like   to sing, I would like to sing for that person's dead. The old is gone. I   am not the same person that I used to be, that person is dead. It's up   to you if you would find it in your heart to forgive.As for my family, I am sorry I let you down. I caused a lot of heartache, and I ask for your   forgiveness. I am not crying for myself, I am crying for the lost and   those that are dying for their sins, those that are committing suicide,   those that don't know God and have never been set free. I've been locked   up 13 years. I am not locked up inside, all of these years I have been   free. Christ has changed me. Even though I have to die for my mistake,   he paid for mine by wages I could never pay. Here I am a big strong   youngster, crying like a baby. I am man enough to show my emotions and I   am sorry. I am sorry for everything. I wish I could take it back, but I can't.  No sir. Warden, Since I don't have nothing to say, you can go ahead and send me to my Heavenly Father.NoThis offender declined to make a last statement.   I do, I want to address you, I am sorry. I don't know who you are. I am sorry I put you through some things that I can't take back. I am sorry. This isn't going to change anything. Sorry for putting you through this. This is creating more victims. I am sorry, I put you through this. I love you man, I love you. This is not gonna change anything. This person shoe did that 10 years ago isn't the same person you see today. I hurt a lot of people with decisions I made. I can't be more sorry than I am right now. I hurt the Lopes family, let this be a lesson. Your decisions affect everybody. Look after your sister for me. I am always gonna be with you. I love you too Shay I love you if your listening I am sorry to be putting everybody through this. This is the end of this, time to move on. I hope this brings you peace, I am sorry. I told your sister my last words. Danielle, you know that I love you. You know that you have my heart, I've enjoyed these times. I love you little hef.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes sir,  I charge the people of the jury.  Trial Judge, the Prosecutor that cheated to get this conviction.  I charge each and every one of you with the murder of an innocent man.  All the way to the CCA, Federal Court, 5th Circuit and Supreme Court.  You will answer to your Maker when God has found out that you executed an innocent man.  May God have mercy on you. My love to my son, my daughter, Nancy, Kathy, Randy, and my future grandchildren.  I ask for forgiveness for all of the poison that I brought into the US, the country I love.  Please forgive me for my sins.  If my murder makes it easier for everyone else let the forgiveness please be a part of the healing.  Go ahead Warden, murder me.  Jesus take me home.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes I do.  Debbie, my Baby, I love you; do you know I love you.  You are my life.  You are my wife - always stay strong.  Stay strong everybody.  I am innocent.  I am being punished for a crime I did not commit.  I have professed my innocence for nine years, and I continue to say I am innocent.  Let my people know I love them.  We must continue on.  Do not give up the fight; do not give up hope for a better future.  Because we can make it happen.  I love you, I love my son, and I love my daughter.  Bruno, Chuckie, Juanita, Ray - I love you, all of you.  Stay strong baby.  I love you forever.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes sir, I do.  I would like to thank everybody for coming out tonight and celebrating life.  This is a celebration of life, not death.  Through Jesus Christ, we have victory over death.  I would like to thank the Holy Father and Pope John Paul for their angelic blessings and all the prayers and support.  And thanks to Father (name unknown) and Guido Todeschini for your love and support.  I want to thank everybody around the world and Father, let your will be done.  I am going to keep this statement short.  I love you all.  I am ready, Warden.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Written  To the families of Ms. Thompson and Ms. Cutler. I am sorry for what happened and that it was because of me that they are gone.  If there were any way I could change things and bring them back I would. But I can't.  Because of what I caused to happen many people were affected and I am very sorry that I did.  I have made my peace with God and I pray that soon everyone will be able to have closure in their hearts and lives.  To my family and friends, I love you and some day we will all be together again.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Verbal Statement: Okay, thank you. To the Weis family, and ah I just want you to know from the bottom of my heart that I am truly sorry. I mean it, I'm not just saying it. Through the years of being in prison I come to hear and respect our life. It was wrong what I did. I know you had to go through a lot of pain and I'm sorry. To the Jones family, the same is true, I am truly truly sorry. I wanted to prepare a longer statement but time ran out. I had the chaplain write down a few words for my friends and for you, my family. I would like him to read them for me, and ah, just please find peace. Chaplain Brazzil recites written statement: To the Jones Family: Please accept my sincerest apology and regrets for what happened to your loved one. It was truly a horrible thing that I did and I regret it deeply. I do not know if this will ease your pain but I truly pray that this will help you find peace. I am sincerely truly sorry. For the Weis Family: The same is true. I regret what happened. I have lived with the guilt and the pain in my heart for taking Donna away from you. There is no way that I can know your pain and sorrow for losing someone so close to you. I truly hope that you will find peace. Please know that I am sorry. I feel that I have to speak out against the practice of the death penalty, although I have no regrets in my case. The death penalty is an unnecessary punishment for society who has other means to protect itself. You cannot rectify death with another death. Whenever the state chooses to take a life and take the power of God into their own hands, whenever our leader's kill in the name of justice, we are all diminished. To my family and friends, father, sister and brother, those that have traveled so far to be here today, please just know that I am at peace. You have all been so good to me through this whole ordeal. I can never find the words to express my love for all of you. Just know that I go with God. Oum - Nama Shiveya I go with God. Last Verbal Statement: No sir, I just want to pray a chant, do what you have to do.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  Adios, amigos, I’ll see ya’ll on the other side. I’m ready when ya’ll are.For the pain I have caused you. I am ashamed to even look at your faces. You are great people. To my brothers on Death Row. Mexico, Mexico…(Spanish).I’m ready to be released. Release me.  I love you all. We had a good service and I’ll be with you. I’ll be waiting for you in Heaven. Ok. Adios. That’s all I have to say.I’d like to say that for the murders of Ray Hazelwood and Frank Collier, I’m sorry for that pain it has caused you. To my friends, I’d like to say that I love you and I’m glad you’ve been a part of my life. Thank you. I’ll miss you. Remember that today I’ll be with Jesus in paradise. I’ll see you again.Lord Jesus Christ, son of Almighty God, [have] mercy on me as a sinner, forgive me of my sins. I would like to offer up my death for the conversion of sinners on Death Row. Lord Jesus, into your hands I command my spirit.This offender declined to make a last statement.  Yes sir, I would like to say to all of you – the Thornton family and Jerry Dean’s family that I am so sorry. I hope God will give you peace with this.Baby, I love you. Ron, give Peggy a hug for me. Everybody has been so good to me.I love all of you very much. I am going to be face to face with Jesus now. Warden Baggett, thank all of you so much. You have been so good to me. I love all of you very much. I will see you all when you get there. I will wait for you.I want to thank the Lord for giving me this opportunity to get to know Him. He has shown me a lot and He has changed me in the past two months. I have been in prison 8½ years and on Death Row for 7, and I have not gotten into any trouble. I feel like I am not a threat to society anymore. I feel like my punishment is over, but my friends are now being punished. I thank the Lord for all He has done for me. I do want to tell the family that I am sorry but killing me is not going to solve nothing. I really do not believe that if Jesus were here tonight that he would execute me. Jesus is all about love. I want to thank all of my friends for supporting me and for being here for me. Thank all of my friends on the row. Thank you Lord. I am finished.  Well, my friends in my heart, I’m ready –I would like to apologize for all of the pain and suffering I put you all through. I hope this will give you closure now and later on down the line.Bob, I appreciate you coming – Stacey and Jess.I will wait for you –Yes sir, I do. Well, here we are. I apologize for your loss and your pain, but I didn’t kill those people.Hopefully we will all learn something about ourselves and about each other and we will learn enough to stop the cycle of hate and vengeance and come to value what is really going on in this world.We can’t look back.I forgive everyone for this process, which seems to be wrong. We all end up doing experiences which we create.That is all I have to say about that.(There were some unintelligible sentences.)This offender declined to make a last statement.  Thank the Lord for the past 14 years that have allowed me to grow as a man –To J.D.’s family, I am sorry for the suffering you have gone through the past 14 years. I hope you can get some peace tonight.To my family, I am happy to be going home to Jesus.Sweet Jesus, here I come. Take me home. I am going your way.There’s love and peace in Islam.I'll see you.To my family who has kept me strong, I give my love.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  High Flight (aviation poem)I would like to tell Mr. Richard that I appreciate all he has done for me. I love you all. God bless. Goodbye, David.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  Goodbye to all my friends; be cool. Thank you for being my friends. Give my love to everybody.This offender declined to make a last statement.  D.J., Laurie, Dr. Wheat, about all I can say is goodbye, and for all the rest of you, although you don’t forgive me for my transgressions, I forgive yours against me. I am ready to begin my journey and that’s all I have to say. There’s no God but Allah, and unto thy I belong and unto thy I return. I want to continue to tell my brothers and sisters to be strong.  