I just want to let everyone in here to know I love you so much. I’ve hurt a lot of people and a lot of people have hurt me. I love y'all so much. Life don’t end here it goes on forever. I’ve had to learn lessons in life the hard way. One day there won’t be a need to hurt people. I love y'all so much. I’m ready to go but I’ll be back. Nighty night everybody, nighty night everybody. I’m done warden.Yes, I do, Grace Kehler is that you? I have given Warden  Jones a written statement that will explain a lot more. I hope this will bring  you closure and answers to some questions. I hope this will bring you peace and  I'm sorry for all the pain and suffering. I'm sorry it went on for a terribly  long time. I'm sorry to you especially Grace Kehler. To the Kehler, Johnson and  Crain family, I pray that you won't hate Jesus, the letter will explain more.  I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I hope that my death will bring you peace and closure. I  pray that maybe someday will bring you peace. I hope that you could forgive me,  but if you don't I understand. I don't think I could forgive anyone who would  of killed my children. I'm sorry for your suffering you've had for a long time.  I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I love you Lord Jesus, Lord Jesus. NoneI don't have anything to say, you can proceed Warden Jones.I would like to thank everyone that has showed up on my  behalf, Kathryn Cox, I love you dearly.  Thank you Randy Cannon for  showing up and being a lifelong friend.  Thank you Dr. Steve Ball for  trying to bring the right out.  There are a lot of injustices that are  happening with this.  This is wrong.  Thank you Reverend Leon  Harrison for showing me the grace of God.  Thank you for all of my friends  that are out there.  This is not a capital case.  I never had  intended to do anything.  I feel very grieved for the loss of Walker, and  for Donovan and Marissa Walker.  I hope they can find peace and be  productive in society.  I would like to thank all of my friends on the row  even though everything didn’t work, close isn’t good enough.  I hope that  positive change will come out of this.I would like to thank my father and mother for everything  that they showed me.  I would like to apologize for putting them through  this.  I would like to ask for the truth to come out and make positive  changes.  Above all else Donovan and Marissa can find love and  peace.  I hope they overcome the loss of their father.  At no time  did I intend to hurt him.Yeah, first off, I want to say that I am sorry for the  pain that I have caused you people.  I am sorry that I cannot bring  everybody back.  I wish it could be different.  I know it would be  hard for you to understand what went on that night, I can’t bring them back as  much as I would like to.  I love my daughter and all of my  supporters.  I pray that the Lord take care of me and all of you.  I  have no bad sentiment towards anyone.  I can understand your outrage and  why you are mad at me.  God be with all of us."Much has been written about this case, not all of it has been the truth. But the time is over and now it is time to move on. I want to thank my attorneys for all that they have done. The have afforded me the last quarter of a century. I would like to thank my wife, my daughters, family and friends for unwavering support, and all of the letters and well wishes over the years. Now it is time to pass on. I have fought the good fight, I held the faith. I am not going to say goodbye, I will simply say until we meet again. I love you very, very much. Thank you Warden."That each new indignity defeats only the body. Pampering the spirit with obscure merit. I love you all, that's it. (Written statement) 
  I always said that if I even get to this point, I would have already said everything that needed to be said to all of those who I love and have been with me throughout this whole journey. Today, I realized that I can never say everything that needed to be said, because there is still so much that needs to be said. First of all, I love you. My children, my friends, and all my brothers who have shared this experience with me on the row and who continue to experience this without me, keep your heads up. I love all of you. Secondly, I am ok. I have peace in my heart and ready for the next journey. I'm really ok. Last but not least, to my true brother in life, Crazy J, I love you, man. You and Bella have been the best. I'm sorry I couldn't talk with you before all of this, but you know me...You are my bro. I love you. I'm ok. My babies, remember what I said. We'll be together soon. I love all of you. John 14:27. (Spoken statement)
Yes, I left a written statement. I do 
have a verbal statement. I would like to remind my children once again, I love them. Crazy J, I forgot to write a list. Everything is ok. I love you all, and I love my children. I am at peace. John 14:27. I am done, Warden. 
This offender declined to make a last statement.  
This offender declined to make a last statement.  
Yes, I want to thank my family for supporting me through this. I love ya'll. I don't fear death. I'm fine, I'm OK. To my friends and my loved ones, Miriam, I love you, thanks for being here for me. This is what it is. I know this is hard for ya'll, but we are going to have to go through it. We know the lies they told in court. We know it's not true. I want you to be strong and keep going.  I just want to say I don't want you to have hate in your heart for me, because I took your loved one. I know it doesn't mean anything; I told the truth because I feel like you should know who killed your loved one. God watches everything. Don't hate me, if you do, you'll have to deal with Him later. For me, live your life but don't hate me. I'm sorry for taking your loved one.Ms. Suzy, Susan, thank you for fighting for me in the courts. Thank you for supporting me for all these years. Elroy Chester wasn't a bad man, I knew me. A lot of people say I didn't commit those murders, I really did it.That's my statement. Warden, you can go ahead.  First of all; Shonna talk to your brother. He'll tell you the truth about what happened to your husband. I told Bubba to tell you what happened. Now, my statement to the world:  I am in the midst of truth. I am good, I am straight, don't trip. To all my partners, tell them I said like Arnold Schwarzenegger, "I'll be back." These eyes will close, but they will be opened again, my understanding of God is, Jesus has got me through. To my family, I love ya'll.  Life is death, death is life. I hope that someday this absurdity that humanity has come to will come to and an end. Life is too short. I hope that anyone that has negative energy towards me will resolve that. Life is too short to harbor feelings of hatred and anger. That's it. Hey mom and pop. I love ya'll, all of you people in there. You know, ya'll have to come together, you too Terrella. Ya'll work on that. We all have to stand before God at the end of the day. Don't ever think you're perfect, none of us are perfect. God is the only one that is perfect. Jesus is perfect. I did wrong, now I am paying the ultimate price, even though it's a crooked way. I don't hate ya'll. Don't judge, I'm not judging. God has to judge those people. I forgive. Always remember, Romans 12:19 is for real, hell is for real. If ya'll don't have your life right, get it right. We all have to die to get to heaven. Get your life right with Christ; it's coming to an end. I'm talking to each and every soul in this building, in this room. I don't hate nobody, you're doing what you think is your job. God's law is above this law.Hang on. Cowboy up, I'm fixing to ride. Jesus is my ride. Tell my babies daddy will look down on them. Put a "C" in his name for Carl. Tell my boys and tell Tracy to keep on keeping on. Love one another, go to church, change your life for Christ, live your life for Christ. All right, Warden. Terella, I feel it babe, love. Yes, you know I sat in my cell many days wondering what my last words would be: love for my family, grandson, friends. I love you very much. Tonight when I close my eyes, I'll be with my Father. Some time ago I got a letter, I read it, and stuck it in with a bunch of stuff; and I thought to myself, what a cold-hearted person. I was asked about the letter, I spent half the night looking for the letter. A little part of the letter touched me. Over the years I have learned to love. God is everything. God is my life. Tonight, I will be with Him. I am a parent myself.  I have so much for this dear lady. I understand where they're coming from, I thought every person was cruel. I love you so, Susan. You know what it is girl, love ya. Maurie, appreciate it girl. Much love to you all. Mrs. Cox, love you. Momma, you are my hero. I wish this world was just like you. Another mother got hurt, as a parent I understand the pain. That letter she wrote wasn't wrong, she was just hurting. She showed God's love for letting me know that love will be there to welcome me home. I love you all. I don't know what you are going to feel after tonight. I love you. I pray one day we will all meet in heaven. A man told me 11 years ago the hardest thing to say is, "I forgive you." Hope one day we all be together again. I love you all: Susan, Mrs. Cox, momma, Maurie, Michael. Grandbabies make the world go around. I love you all. Warden, I am looking to leave this place on wings of a homesick angel. Ready to go home to meet my maker. What a friend we have in Jesus, oh my God, I lay in awe 'cause I love you God. I love you momma. I love you Susan. 
Yes, I do. First of all for the Aubrey Hawkins family, I do apologize for everything that happened. Not because I am here, but for closure in your hearts. I really believe that you deserve that. To my wife, Cheri, I am so grateful you're in my life. I love you so dearly. Thank you to my sister and dear friend Katherine Cox, my son and family, friends and family. I love you so dearly. To my friends, all the guys on the row, you have my courtesy and respect. Thank you to the people involved and to the courtesy of the officers. I am grateful for everything in my life. To my wife, take care of yourself. I will be waiting for you. I love you. God Bless. I am ready to go. Yes, I want to tell everybody that I love everybody. Keep your heads up. We are all family, people of God Almighty. We're all good. I'm ready. Are they already doing it? I'm gonna go to sleep. See you later. This stuff stings, man almighty. No, I have no final statement. Noel, I love you man. You have been there for me through thick and thin, you and Brigitta. Be there for each other. I am at peace, we have no worries, just as I have no more worries. To the victim's family, may you be at peace also. No last statement.This offender declined to make a last statement.  Yes I do, I would like to thank my family for their support, love and understanding. I would like to point out some things, I got your letter. It touched me and changed me. What happened was I been wanting to apologize to yall for your son. They told me not to do it in court. I wrote him a letter but they told me that they tore it up in court. I am not the monster they made me out to be. I made lots of mistakes that took your son. I'll take it to the grave, I will be at peace. You have test and drug results to show it. I am not just taking. I messed up, made poor choices. No rapes, I don't do drugs, I am not an alcoholic. Back to my family, Thank yall for being here. It is what it is. I got peace in my heart. Thank you. Bye bye yall. Bye bye peanut.   Bye, I'm Ready.  Yes, I do. Thank you for your friendship Reverend Whiteside and thank you for your fellowship. God help me to say this statement correctly. I would like to say goodbye to mom and my brother, brother, sister, Chelsea, Danny, Johnny, Tito and Sylvia. My heart goes is going ba bump ba bump ba bump. I love my children, Roxanne, Roseanne, Melissa, and Louis. I miss them; I will take them with me in my heart. I will keep them in my heart. Thank you Mrs. Dyson for praying for me and everyone that has been praying for me. God loves everybody and myself. I can't say this correctly. Let's see. That's all right. I guess that's it. Our Father, who art in heaven, Hallowed by thy Name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, On earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, As we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen. Lord Jesus forgive of my sins, please forgive me for the sins that I can remember.  Yes. From Allah we came and to Allah we shall return. I would like to give thanks for the unjust way my trial attorneys John Donahue and Frank Hollbrook purposely denied me a fair trial. I would like to thank Walter E. Reeves for bringing up claims that did not exist. Most importantly, I would like to thank John Hurley, who was suppose to be off my case but was granted to be back on. For those who kept agreeing with me, keep it real. Ya'll will always stay real in my heart. Barbara, I love you, Al and Paul, I love you. Jess and Chong, I love you now and forever. I am ready for the transition.   Could you please tell that lady right there, can I see her, she is not looking at me. I want you to understand something, hold no animosity towards me. I want you to understand please forgive me. When I get to the gates of Heaven I will open my arms for you. Please forgive me, do not worry about what is going to happen. I don't want you to worry. I don't want you to suffer, I am not mad at you. Shed no tears for me. Even though you don't know me, I love you, I love all of ya'll. I ask ya'll in your heart to forgive me. To my family, I love all of you. What's happening now, you are suffering. I didn't mean to hurt you. Stephanie, Felicia, Carlos and my Father. I love my Father. I want you to understand that life goes on. Continue to live your life and don't be angry at what is happening to me. This is destiny, this is life. This is something I have to do and I am going to be with my momma and your momma. I want everyone to continue to live your life. Thank you and I love all of you. What is happening to me now is unjust and the system is broken. At the same time I bear witness there is no God but Allah and the Prophet Mohammad. Unto Allah, I belong unto Allah I return. I love you.   Can ya'll hear me? Tell my family that I love ya'll. Joe, Tim, everybody - keep your head up. I love you.   Profanity directed toward staff.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Jennifer, where are you at?  I'm sorry, I did not know the man but for a few seconds before I shot him.  It was done out of fear, stupidity, and immaturity.  It wasn't until I got locked up and saw the newspaper.  I saw his face and his smile and I knew he was a good man.  I am sorry for all your family and my disrespect - he deserved better.  Sorry Gus.  I hope all the best for you and your daughters.  I hope you have happiness from here on out.  Quit the heroin and methadone.  I love you dad, Devin, and Walt.  We're done Warden.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes, your honor.  I know you people are here to find closure for the things that you have done or that I have done.  There are no words to describe the pain and suffering that you have gone through all these years, that is something that I cannot take back from you all.  I hope that Megan, if she is here present today, know that today I hope you get peace and joy.  I am sorry that it has taken 14 years to get closure.  If it would have brought closure or brought her back, I would have done this years ago, I promise, I promise. My family all knows the sincerity in my heart when I say these words to you.  I didn't mean to inflict the pain and suffering on your family.  I pray that she is safe in Heaven.  I pray that you find closure and strength.  My family prays for you and everybody, if these words can ever touch your heart, I am sorry, I am truly sorry.  Ya'll take care.  I love ya'll.  Pastor tell Megan I am sorry. This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes sir.  I would like to ask you to forgive me.  I made a mistake and I am sorry for what I did.  All I can do is ask you to forgive me.  I love you and I will see all of you in Heaven.  I love you very much.  Praise Jesus.  I love you.  Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name.  Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in Heaven.  Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who have trespassed against us.  And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.  Amen.   Yes sir.  Today I go home to the Lord.  But first, I have to say something.  I am real sorry.  I took family member's life and I shouldn't have.  I hope that you can move on.  I am just sorry.  I don't know what else to say.  I can't bring anyone back.  I would if I could.  I hope you will be fine.  I won't ask for your forgiveness.  God will be my judge.  To my family and friends, I love you all.  You all take care and somebody find Void.  Be strong and I will see you all; hopefully not soon.  Keep your head up.  That is all I have to say.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   Yes, sir.  I want to give thanks to Father Walsh, my spiritual advisor and Mr. Whiteside and Irene Wilcox and her husband, Jack, and Richard Lopez for being there for me through all of this.  I don't see O'Brien.  Oh, there he is. Thanks to everybody.  Everybody will be all right, because y'all are going where I am going.  Remember what I said, I want to see you all where I'm going.  I want to give thanks.  God, come and do Your will.  I'm ready Warden.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   "I've got one thing to say, get your Warden off this gurney and shut up. I am from the island of Barbados. I am the Warden of this unit. People are seeing you do this."   Yes, first I would like to speak to the victims' family.  First of all, I would like to say that I do not know any of y'all and that is unfortunate, because I would like to apologize to each and every one of you individually.  I can't imagine what I have taken from y'all, but I do want to apologize and I want to let you know that I did do it.  You guys know that I am guilty and I am sorry for what I have done.  I apologize and I know that you may not be able to forgive me and I know that may not be able to forgive me in this life and in this world, but I hope sometime in the future you will be able to find it in you to forgive me.  And I want you to know that Christina, she did not suffer as much as you think she did.  I promise you that.  I give you my word.  I know you guys want to know where the rest of her remains are.  I put her remains in the Trinity River.  I have said that since I have come to death row.  I want to apologize to you again.  I hope sometime in the future you can forgive me.  Okay, now I want to speak to my mom and my family.  Brother Anderson, Kathy, I want you to know that I appreciate all these years that you have been coming to see me on death row and Daddy, I love you.  I appreciate y'all being here and being strong for me, and Mama, you know I love you, and I appreciate all of these visits, the letters and everything y'all have done for me.  Y'all have been wonderful.  You too, Granny.  I love y'all and you know, I want to apologize to y'all too for what I have done.  For all of the pain that I have caused, but all of this pain has brought us closer together and all of this suffering that we have been through has brought us all closer to the Lord and in the end that is what counts.  Isn't it?  That's what counts in the end; where you stand with Almighty God.  I know that God has used this to change my life.  And it's all been worth it because of that.  If I lie here today where I lie, I can say in the face of death, Jesus is Lord.  He has changed my life and I know that when I leave this body, I am going home to be with the Lord forever.  That is all I want to say.  I love y'all and I won't say goodbye, I will say I will see you again.  I love you, Daddy. Tonight I dance on the streets of gold.  Let those without sin cast the first stone.   I want to thank my family for their help and moral support and for their struggle. It would have been a lot harder without their love. So, I am just going home. I will see ya'll one of these days. Just don't rush it. I will be there always. I 'll always be watching over you. I love you. Okay? Y'all be strong. God bless you. That is where I am going. I love y'all huh. I'll see y'all in Slayton, Texas.  Dios te mandas contigo mi espiritu. (Spanish - God, I command my spirit to go with you.) Alabamos a Dios todos. (Spanish - We all praise God.) Amen Cuida mi familia. (Take care of my family.) I love you. That's it Warden.  This offender declined to make a last statement.   To my family, I love them. To Kami, I love you and will always be with you. That's it Warden.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I want you all to know I did not do this crime. I wanted to wait for a thirty day stay for a DNA test so you know who did the crime.This offender declined to make a last statement.  Yes, to my family, I love you. Please do not mourn my death or my life. Continue to live as I want you to live. I hold no bitterness toward no one. Just remember the light. I’m gonna let this light shine. Let it shine. Let the light shine.To Kathy’s family and friends that were unable to attend today, I am truly sorry. I hope my dropping my appeal has in some way began your healing process. This is all I am going to do to help you out in any way for the nightmare and pain that I have caused you, but I am truly sorry and I wish I could take back what I did, but I can’t. I hope this heals you.To my family: I love you. When the tears flow, let the smiles grow. Everything is all right.To my family: I love you.Warden, ATW.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  The first statement I would like to make it’s my sister. I want her to know that every thing that is said, every move that is made, every motion, I hold it true to my heart. I hold it in my soul.I want you to know that I am not guilty and I will say this to the family. I did not kill your daughter. Take it the way you want. Sorry for the pain.Sister, I love you and will be there with you, to help you. I want to talk to you about being there by her. You know what I am saying. I want to thank you, thank you for the words. The dying words, you know. They mean a lot. Make sure he knows what I want him to know.I want to quote a song that I wrote called "God Living with Us 24 Hours." It goes:Tell the kids I love them and I’ll be there. That’s all I have to say.This offender declined to make a last statement.  Hello, Ms. Ingram, it is good to see you. I said I could talk but I don’t think I am gonna be able to. I heard one of your nieces had some angry words. I didn’t have anything to do with the stay. I spent the last twenty years waiting to figure out what’s going on. I pray that you get over it and that’s the only thing I can think to say. I’m regretful for what I done, but I’m a different person from that time. If you could get to know me over the years, you could have seen it. I’ve got some people over here that believes that.I want to talk to my friends over here for a second. Well, it’s good to see you guys. Look after Mary Lynn for me. Like I said, I’ve called my mother already, so she knows. Goodbye.I’d like to apologize and ask forgiveness for any pain and suffering I have inflicted upon all of you, including my family. All of you, I am very sorry. There is a point where a man wants to die in judgment. Though my judgment is merciful, I hope and pray that all those involved as well as the judgment upon ya’ll, will one day be more merciful than mine. God bless you all. God speed. I love you. Remain strong. Ask God to have mercy. I love you all, too. I’m very sorry. I’ve got to go now. I love you.  Thank you for setting me free. God bless you all. I love you, Miguel. Take care of my angel, Leslie. Love, Javier CruzI want to tell you folks there, of a… I have a love in my heart for you. I hope you don’t look for satisfaction or comfort or peace in my execution. Jesus Christ is my Lord and Savior and I want him to be yours. I’m sorry for the pain and heartache I’ve caused your family. Too many years I’ve caused all my family problems and heartache. I’m sorry. I wanted to let you know that the Lord Jesus is my life and I just want to go. I’m gonna fall asleep and I’ll be in his presence shortly. I got reason to rejoice and I pray to see all of you there someday.  I love all of you all. Thank you for caring so much about me. Keep the faith. I am going to a better place. I hope the victim’s family will forgive me because I didn’t mean to hurt no one or kill no one.I love you all.I would like to tell the victims’ families that I am sorry, very sorry. I am so sorry. Forgive me if you can.I know it’s impossible, but try.Take my hand, Lord Jesus, I’m coming home.Yes, I do. I would like to tell the surviving victims here, society, my family and friends, that I ask that they forgive me for anything I have done. I beg for your forgiveness. I would like to ask the Lord Jesus Christ for forgiveness and say that in spite of my circumstances, I have been blessed by Him. My first thought is that Jesus Christ came down and separated the humans from God. I would like to see that wall that separates these groups here tonight brought down and that we would all have love and compassion for one another and that you all build a future for all of us. There are a lot of men on the Row who need to be remembered. I love all…Jesus, the Lord, is everything to me. I am nothing without him. Praise Jesus. Praise GodI am so glad I found God and I am so happy for it.I love my family and I want them to know that.That is about all I have to say.  First and foremost I would like to tell the victims’ families that I am sorry because I don’t feel like I am guilty. I am sorry for the pain all of them have gone through during holidays and birthdays. They are without their loved ones.I have said from the beginning and I will say it again that I am innocent. I did not kill no one. I feel like this is the Lord’s will that will be done.I love you all. You know it. Don’t cry.Tell my brothers I love them. You all be strong.This offender declined to make a last statement.Goodbye.I will wait for you in Heaven. I will be waiting for you. I love my parents. I am at peace with God.Fight for the good.  I have a statement prepared that I have given to the Chaplain that I want released to the media.I am ready, Warden.It’s a good day to die. I walked in here like a man and I am leaving here like a man. I had a good life. I have known the love of a good woman, my wife. I have a good family. My grandmother is the pillar of the community. I love and cherish my friends and family. Thank you for your love.To the Hancock family, I am sorry for the pain I caused you. If my death gives you any peace, so be it.I want my friends to know it is not the way to die, but I belong to Jesus Christ. I confess my sins. I have…Yes, I do.If it matters to anyone, I did not kill Olga.Brian, thank you for caring.Dee Dee, you have been a good sister to all of us.Ana and Chico (not sure of name he said), trust in God.I will always love you, Lynn. I will always love you.O.K., Warden.I would like to tell my family that I love them and always be strong and keep their heads up and keep faith in Jesus.That’s it.  I would like to thank all of you for coming. I am sorry for all of the pain I have caused both families – my family and yours.I would like for you to know that I am sorry for all the pain I caused for all these years. I have had time to understand the pain I have caused you.I am ready, Warden.  Yes, I would like to praise Allah and I am praying to Allah. Allah is most gracious. I will ask Allah for forgiveness because he created me and he will forgive me.All of the brothers on the row stay strong. (Some words about Allah that I couldn’t understand.)I love my family, my mother. I will see her sooner or later. Life goes on.Don’t let these people break (couldn’t understand) you. Keep true to nature. You do not have to act like them. Rise above it. (couldn’t understand)Praise Allah –  (some more Allah mumbling)I would like to thank my Lord Jesus Christ for keeping me strong all these years. I would also like to thank my mother for standing by me all these years. I would also like to thank my pen pals, Joe and Camille Tilling and JoAnn for helping me stay strong all these years. I also thank my two lawyers, Rita and Brent, for fighting to keep me alive. I love you, Mom -I want you to know that I did not kill anyone. I love you all. (Offender’s words were not clear)This offender declined to make a last statement.  Yes, I do. First of all, I want you to understand I speak the truth when I say I didn’t kill your kids. Honestly I have not killed anyone. I wish you could get the rage from your hearts and you could see the truth and get rid of the hatred.I love you all – (names of children) – Corey, Steve (garbled) – This is very important. I love ya’ll and I miss ya’ll. O.K., now I’m finished.It was horrible and inexcusable for me to take the life of your loved one and to hurt so many mentally and physically. I am here because I took a life and killing is wrong by an individual and by the state, and I am sorry we are here but if my death gives you peace and closure then this is all worthwhile. To all of my friends and family, I love you and I am going home -  There are people all over the world who face things worse than death on a daily basis, and in that sense I consider myself lucky.I cannot find the words to express the sadness I feel for bringing this hurt and pain on my loved ones.I will not ask forgiveness for the decisions I have made in this judicial process, only acceptance.God bless you all.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I want the world to know that I’m innocent and that I’ve found peace. Let’s ride.  I would like to say – I just hope Ms. Fielder is happy now. I would like to thank my lawyer, Nancy, for her help on my case and for being with me now.This offender declined to make a last statement.  I would like to say that I have no animosity toward anyone. I made a mistake 18 years ago – I lost control of my mind but I didn’t mean to hurt anyone. I have no hate toward humanity. I hope He will forgive me for what I done. I didn’t mean to.This offender declined to make a last statement.  I forgive all of you – hope God forgives all of you too.I love you, Mom. Goodbye.I would like to thank my friends and family for sticking with me through all of this. I would like to encourage my brothers to continue to run the race. I thank my Father, God in Heaven, for the grace he has granted me –  I am ready.I have committed lots of sin in my life, but I am not guilty of this crime.I would like to tell my son, daughter and wife that I love them –Eden, if they want proof of them, give it to them. Thanks for being my friend.  (Mumbled something about he wished his whole life would have been spent as Islamic.)This offender declined to make a last statement.  (First two or three words not understood.) I don’t know why Marta Glass wasn’t allowed in here. I love you all. Keep the faith. Remember the death penalty is murder. They are taking the life of an innocent man. My attorney, Ron Kuley [unintelligible], will read my letter at a press conference after this is over. That is all I have to say. I love you all.Well, I just wanted to ask people to pray for two families: my family and the family of Officer McCarthy. I appreciate the prayers. Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  Peace.God, please forgive me of my sins. Look after my people. Bless and protect all people. I am sorry for my sins. Lord, take me home with you. Amen. (A couple of sentences garbled.)I just want to tell my family I love them, and I thank the Lord Jesus for giving me another chance and for saving me.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I’m an African warrior, born to breathe, and born to die.I would like to tell my family I love them very dearly, and I know they love me. I love all of the people who supported me all of these years. I would like to tell the Merka family I love them, too. I plead with all the teenagers to stop the violence and to accept Jesus Christ and find victory. Today I have victory in Christ and I thank Jesus for taking my spirit into His precious hands. Thank you, Jesus.  I am the sinner of all sinners.  I was responsible for the ’75 and ’79 cases. My trial was not just; it was not fair; they lied against me. I love all of those on Death Row, and I will always hold them in my hands. Those who stood by me, I will always love you. Jim and Judy Peterson and Chaplain Lopez, I thank you for staying by my side.This offender declined to make a last statement.  I am innocent, innocent, innocent. Make no mistake about this; I owe society nothing. Continue the struggle for human rights, helping those who are innocent, especially Mr. Graham. I am an innocent man, and something very wrong is taking place tonight. May God bless you all. I am ready.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  Thanked his family.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  His final statement lasted 3 minutes. He thanked everybody that fought against his sentence. He spoke to his family and said he would carry their love with him.  I’m going to a beautiful place. O.K., Warden, roll ‘em.I’m ready, Warden.I just ask everybody I ever hurt or done anything wrong to, to just forgive me for whatever wrongs I done to them.This offender declined to make a last statement.  I wish everybody a good life. Everything is O.K.I hope Mrs. Howard can find peace in this.This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  This offender declined to make a last statement.  I want to say I’m sorry for the things I’ve done and I hope I’m forgiven. I don’t hold nothing against no one – Everyone has treated me well and I know it’s not easy for them – That’s all, I’m sorry.Tell my mother I love her and continue on without me. God bless her. Tell the guys on death row to continue their struggle to get off death row. That’s about it.Goodbye to my family; I love all of you, I’m sorry for the victim’s family. I wish I could make it up to them. I want those out there to keep fighting the death penalty.I deserve this. Tell everyone I said goodbye.Heavenly Father, I give thanks for this time, for the time that we have been together, the fellowship in your world, the Christian family presented to me (He called the names of the personal witnesses.). Allow your holy spirit to flow as I know your love as been showered upon me. Forgive them for they know not what they do, as I know that you have forgiven me, as I have forgiven them. Lord Jesus, I commit my soul to you, I praise you, and I thank you.This offender declined to make a last statement.  